README.md, before:

# Redis Commander

Redis management tool written in node.js

# Install and Run

```bash
$ npm install -g redis-commander
$ redis-commander
```

# Usage

```bash
$ redis-commander --help
Options:
  --redis-port                         The port to find redis on.               [string]
  --redis-host                         The host to find redis on.               [string]
  --redis-socket                       The unix-socket to find redis on.        [string]
  --redis-password                     The redis password.                      [string]
  --redis-db                           The redis database.                      [string]
  --redis-label                        The label to display for the connection. [string]
  --sentinel-port                      The port to find redis sentinel on.      [string]
  --sentinel-host                      The host to find redis sentinel on.      [string]
  --http-auth-username, --http-u       The http authorisation username.         [string]
  --http-auth-password, --http-p       The http authorisation password.         [string]
  --http-auth-password-hash, --http-h  The http authorisation password hash.    [string]
  --address, -a                        The address to run the server on.        [string]  [default: 0.0.0.0]
  --port, -p                           The port to run the server on.           [string]  [default: 8081]
  --url-prefix, -u                     The url prefix to respond on.            [string]  [default: ""]
  --root-pattern, --rp                 The root pattern of the redis keys.      [string]  [default: "*"]
  --nosave, --ns                       Do not save new connections to config.   [boolean] [default: true]
  --noload, --nl                       Do not load connections from config.     [boolean] [default: false]
  --use-scan, --sc                     Use scan instead of keys.                [boolean] [default: false]
  --clear-config, --cc                 clear configuration file.                [boolean] [default: false]
  --scan-count, --sc                   The size of each seperate scan.          [integer] [default: 100]
  --no-log-data                        Do not log data values from redis store. [boolean] [default: false]
  --folding-char, --fc                 Character to fold keys at in tree view.  [character] [default: ":"]
```

The connection can be established either via direct connection to redis server or indirect 
via a sentinel instance.

## Docker

Available environment variables:

```
REDIS_PORT
REDIS_HOST
REDIS_SOCKET
REDIS_PASSWORD
REDIS_DB
REDIS_HOSTS
SENTINEL_PORT
SENTINEL_HOST
HTTP_USER
HTTP_PASSWORD
HTTP_PASSWORD_HASH
PORT
ADDRESS
ROOT_PATTERN
URL_PREFIX
NO_LOG_DATA
FOLDING_CHAR
K8S_SIGTERM
```

The K8S_SIGTERM variable (default "0") can be set to "1" to work around kubernetes specificas
to allow pod replacement with zero downtime. More information on how kubernetes handles termination of old pods and the
setup of new ones can be found within the thread [https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/issues/1140#issuecomment-290836405]

Hosts can be optionally specified with a comma separated string by setting the `REDIS_HOSTS` environment variable.

After running the container, `redis-commander` will be available at [localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081).

### Valid host strings

Form should follow one of these templates:

`hostname`

`label:hostname`

`label:hostname:port`

`label:hostname:port:dbIndex`

`label:hostname:port:dbIndex:password`

### With docker-compose

```yml
version: '3'
services:
  redis:
    container_name: redis
    hostname: redis
    image: redis

  redis-commander:
    container_name: redis-commander
    hostname: redis-commander
    image: rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
    build: .
    restart: always
    environment:
    - REDIS_HOSTS=local:redis:6379
    ports:
    - "8081:8081"
```

### Without docker-compose

#### Simplest

If you're running redis on `localhost:6379`, this is all you need to get started.

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

#### Specify single host

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  --env REDIS_HOSTS=10.10.20.30 \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

#### Specify multiple hosts with labels

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  --env REDIS_HOSTS=local:localhost:6379,myredis:10.10.20.30 \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

## Kubernetes

An example deployment can be found at [k8s/redis-commander/deployment.yaml](k8s/redis-commander/deployment.yaml).

If you already have a cluster running with `redis` in the default namespace, deploy `redis-commander` with `kubectl apply -f k8s/redis-commander`. If you don't have `redis` running yet, you can deploy a simple pod with `kubectl apply -f k8s/redis`.

Alternatively, you can add a container to a deployment's spec like this:

```
containers:
- name: redis-commander
  image: rediscommander/redis-commander
  env:
  - name: REDIS_HOSTS
    value: instance1:redis:6379
  ports:
  - name: redis-commander
    containerPort: 8081
```

## Build images based on this one

To use this images as a base image for other images you need to call "apk update" inside your Dockerfile
before adding other apk packages with "apk add foo". Afterwards, to reduce your image size, you may
remove all temporary apk configs too again as this Dockerfile does.

Commit message:

Added support for sentinel-master-name

README.md, after:

# Redis Commander

Redis management tool written in node.js

# Install and Run

```bash
$ npm install -g redis-commander
$ redis-commander
```

# Usage

```bash
$ redis-commander --help
Options:
  --redis-port                         The port to find redis on.               [string]
  --redis-host                         The host to find redis on.               [string]
  --redis-socket                       The unix-socket to find redis on.        [string]
  --redis-password                     The redis password.                      [string]
  --redis-db                           The redis database.                      [string]
  --redis-label                        The label to display for the connection. [string]
  --sentinel-port                      The port to find redis sentinel on.      [string]
  --sentinel-host                      The host to find redis sentinel on.      [string]
  --sentinel-master-name               The host to find redis sentinel on.      [string]  [default: "mymaster"]
  --http-auth-username, --http-u       The http authorisation username.         [string]
  --http-auth-password, --http-p       The http authorisation password.         [string]
  --http-auth-password-hash, --http-h  The http authorisation password hash.    [string]
  --address, -a                        The address to run the server on.        [string]  [default: 0.0.0.0]
  --port, -p                           The port to run the server on.           [string]  [default: 8081]
  --url-prefix, -u                     The url prefix to respond on.            [string]  [default: ""]
  --root-pattern, --rp                 The root pattern of the redis keys.      [string]  [default: "*"]
  --nosave, --ns                       Do not save new connections to config.   [boolean] [default: true]
  --noload, --nl                       Do not load connections from config.     [boolean] [default: false]
  --use-scan, --sc                     Use scan instead of keys.                [boolean] [default: false]
  --clear-config, --cc                 clear configuration file.                [boolean] [default: false]
  --scan-count, --sc                   The size of each seperate scan.          [integer] [default: 100]
  --no-log-data                        Do not log data values from redis store. [boolean] [default: false]
  --folding-char, --fc                 Character to fold keys at in tree view.  [character] [default: ":"]
```

The connection can be established either via direct connection to redis server or indirect 
via a sentinel instance.

## Docker

Available environment variables:

```
REDIS_PORT
REDIS_HOST
REDIS_SOCKET
REDIS_PASSWORD
REDIS_DB
REDIS_HOSTS
SENTINEL_PORT
SENTINEL_HOST
SENTINEL_MASTER_NAME
HTTP_USER
HTTP_PASSWORD
HTTP_PASSWORD_HASH
PORT
ADDRESS
ROOT_PATTERN
URL_PREFIX
NO_LOG_DATA
FOLDING_CHAR
K8S_SIGTERM
```

The K8S_SIGTERM variable (default "0") can be set to "1" to work around kubernetes specificas
to allow pod replacement with zero downtime. More information on how kubernetes handles termination of old pods and the
setup of new ones can be found within the thread [https://github.com/kubernetes/contrib/issues/1140#issuecomment-290836405]

Hosts can be optionally specified with a comma separated string by setting the `REDIS_HOSTS` environment variable.

After running the container, `redis-commander` will be available at [localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081).

### Valid host strings

Form should follow one of these templates:

`hostname`

`label:hostname`

`label:hostname:port`

`label:hostname:port:dbIndex`

`label:hostname:port:dbIndex:password`

### With docker-compose

```yml
version: '3'
services:
  redis:
    container_name: redis
    hostname: redis
    image: redis

  redis-commander:
    container_name: redis-commander
    hostname: redis-commander
    image: rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
    build: .
    restart: always
    environment:
    - REDIS_HOSTS=local:redis:6379
    ports:
    - "8081:8081"
```

### Without docker-compose

#### Simplest

If you're running redis on `localhost:6379`, this is all you need to get started.

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

#### Specify single host

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  --env REDIS_HOSTS=10.10.20.30 \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

#### Specify multiple hosts with labels

```bash
docker run --rm --name redis-commander -d \
  --env REDIS_HOSTS=local:localhost:6379,myredis:10.10.20.30 \
  -p 8081:8081 \
  rediscommander/redis-commander:latest
```

## Kubernetes

An example deployment can be found at [k8s/redis-commander/deployment.yaml](k8s/redis-commander/deployment.yaml).

If you already have a cluster running with `redis` in the default namespace, deploy `redis-commander` with `kubectl apply -f k8s/redis-commander`. If you don't have `redis` running yet, you can deploy a simple pod with `kubectl apply -f k8s/redis`.

Alternatively, you can add a container to a deployment's spec like this:

```
containers:
- name: redis-commander
  image: rediscommander/redis-commander
  env:
  - name: REDIS_HOSTS
    value: instance1:redis:6379
  ports:
  - name: redis-commander
    containerPort: 8081
```

## Build images based on this one

To use this images as a base image for other images you need to call "apk update" inside your Dockerfile
before adding other apk packages with "apk add foo". Afterwards, to reduce your image size, you may
remove all temporary apk configs too again as this Dockerfile does.
